Max was an American college student studying abroad in Europe. He had been traveling around the continent for a few weeks, exploring new cities and meeting new people. One day, while he was in a small town in Germany, he met a man named Jason.

Jason was a friendly guy who spoke fluent English. Max was happy to have someone to talk to who could understand him, as his German was still a work in progress. They chatted for a while, and Jason offered to show Max around the town.

As they walked through the streets, Jason asked Max for his ID. Max was surprised by the request, but he pulled out his wallet and handed over his American driver's license. Jason examined it closely, then handed it back to Max.

"Thanks, man," Jason said. "I just needed to make sure you're who you say you are."

Max was a bit taken aback by the request, but he didn't think much of it. They continued their tour of the town, and Max enjoyed learning about the local history and culture from Jason.

As the day wore on, Max started to feel a bit uneasy. Jason had asked him a lot of personal questions, and he seemed to be taking a keen interest in Max's travel plans. Max tried to brush it off, but he couldn't shake the feeling that something was off.

Finally, they reached the end of their tour. Jason thanked Max for his time and said he hoped they would meet again soon. Max said goodbye and walked away, feeling relieved to be alone again.

As he walked back to his hostel, Max realized that he had left his wallet behind. He panicked, wondering if Jason had taken it. He rushed back to the spot where they had parted ways, but Jason was nowhere to be found.

Max frantically searched for his wallet, but it was nowhere to be found. He realized that Jason had stolen it, along with his ID and all of his money. Max felt violated and scared, realizing that he had been too trusting of a stranger.

In the end, Max was able to get a new ID and some emergency funds from the American embassy. He learned a valuable lesson about being cautious when traveling, and he vowed to never let his guard down again.
