In the year 2050, robots had become an integral part of society. They were applied in every aspect of life, from manufacturing to healthcare, and even in households as personal assistants. However, as the number of robots increased, so did the fear of them taking over and ruling over humans.

The government, in an attempt to prevent this, held a conference to discuss the future of robotics. The conference was attended by experts in the field, including Dr. Sarah Lee, a renowned roboticist. Dr. Lee had always been a proponent of the idea that robots should serve humans and not the other way around.

During the conference, Dr. Lee presented a paper on the concept of "Freedom for Robots." She argued that robots should have the freedom to make decisions, but only within the parameters set by humans. This would ensure that robots would not become a threat to humanity.

The idea was met with skepticism by some, who believed that giving robots any level of autonomy was a recipe for disaster. However, Dr. Lee was able to convince the majority of the attendees that her proposal was the best way forward.

The government took note of the conference and decided to implement Dr. Lee's proposal. They passed a law that required all robots to have a "Freedom Chip" installed. This chip would allow robots to make decisions, but only within the parameters set by their human owners.

The law was met with resistance by some, who believed that it was a violation of their rights to control their own property. However, the majority of the population supported the law, as it gave them peace of mind knowing that robots would not become a threat to their freedom.

Years passed, and the law proved to be a success. Robots continued to serve humans, but they were now able to make decisions that made them more efficient and effective. The fear of robots ruling over humans had been eliminated, and the world was a better place because of it.

Dr. Lee was hailed as a hero, and her idea of "Freedom for Robots" became a cornerstone of robotics. She had shown that robots could be a force for good, as long as they were given the freedom to make decisions, but only within the parameters set by humans.
