In the small town of Millfield, the local hospital had been seeing an unusual increase in patients over the past few weeks. The doctors and nurses were working tirelessly to keep up with the demand, but it seemed that no matter how many patients they treated, more kept coming in.

One day, a curious nurse named Sarah decided to investigate the cause of the sudden influx. She noticed that many of the patients were coming in with similar symptoms, such as fever, coughing, and fatigue. She also noticed that the number of patients seemed to increase whenever there was a full moon.

Sarah decided to do some research and found a correlation between the full moon and an increase in hospital admissions. She also discovered that the town had a large population of bats, which were known to be active during full moons. She wondered if there was a connection between the bats and the increase in patients.

One night, Sarah decided to investigate further. She took a pan and a flashlight and went out into the woods near the hospital. As she walked, she noticed a shadow moving in the trees. She shone her flashlight on it and saw a group of bats flying overhead.

Sarah followed the bats and eventually came to a cave. She cautiously approached and saw that the cave was filled with bats. She noticed that some of the bats had a strange, glowing substance on their fur. She took a sample of the substance and brought it back to the hospital for analysis.

The analysis revealed that the substance was a new strain of a virus that was highly contagious and could be transmitted through the air. Sarah realized that the bats were the source of the virus and that they were spreading it to the town's residents during full moons.

Thanks to Sarah's investigation, the hospital was able to take measures to contain the virus and prevent further outbreaks. The number of patients decreased, and the town returned to its peaceful state. Sarah was hailed as a hero for her quick thinking and dedication to finding the cause of the increase in patients.
