In the year 2154, the world was on the cusp of a revolution in tech. Virtual reality had become indistinguishable from reality itself, and people spent most of their days immersed in a world of endless possibilities.

Ava was a brilliant scientist who had dedicated her life to studying the effects of virtual reality on the human brain. She had developed a line of supplements that could enhance cognitive function and allow people to reach new levels of mental clarity.

As she worked tirelessly in her lab, Ava began to notice a strange twist in her research. The supplements seemed to be having an unexpected effect on her test subjects. They were becoming more intelligent, more creative, and more intuitive. But they were also becoming more detached from reality.

Ava was torn. On the one hand, she was thrilled with the results of her research. On the other hand, she was worried about the implications. Was it right to give people the ability to transcend their limitations, even if it meant losing touch with the world around them?

As she struggled with this question, Ava received a visit from a mysterious stranger. He was a representative of a powerful corporation that had been watching her research with great interest.

"We want to give you a grant to continue your research," he said. "But we also want to make sure that you understand the implications of what you're doing. You're playing with fire, Ava. Are you sure you're ready for the consequences?"

Ava was taken aback. She had never thought about the consequences of her research on a larger scale. But as she looked into the stranger's eyes, she knew that she had to make a choice.

"I'll take the grant," she said finally. "But I'll also make sure that I'm aware of the level of responsibility that comes with it. I'll give my test subjects the choice to continue with the supplements or to stop. It's up to them to decide what they want to do with their newfound abilities."

The stranger nodded in approval. "I think you're making the right decision, Ava. But remember, with great power comes great responsibility. Use it wisely."

And with that, Ava's research took a dramatic turn. She continued to develop her supplements, but she also made sure to educate her test subjects about the potential risks and benefits. She gave them the choice to level up or to stay in the real world. And as they made their decisions, Ava watched with bated breath, wondering what the future held for humanity.
